Add DISCLAIMER.md (#4912)
simple-icons/simple-icons: README.md

## Usage

> > ℹ We ask that all users read our [legal disclaimer](./DISCLAIMER.md) before using icons from Simple Icons.

Reviewer: I'm _pretty_ sure this will render correctly on NPM and Packagist as well.

```suggestion
> :information_source: We ask that all users read our [legal disclaimer](./DISCLAIMER.md) before using icons from Simple Icons.
```
